Well, hopefully again,
you didn't find this one too difficult.
It's a little more
challenging than previously.
And we have one more that is
slightly more challenging, but
here's the solution
that will then code up.
So it's pretty simple.
Just like the comment says, if the y
positions, how do we get the y position?
We got the transform.position.y of
the game object is less than or
equal to the game manager respond height.
So that's the property that we
created in game manager that stores
that value o 0.25.
If that's true then we call reset position
that's in the rolling movement component.
So let's jump back into Unity and do that.
So first, I just wanna show
you what happens without that.
And it's probably what you'd expect.
So hit space to get started.
And if I roll off the side,
it's just going to keep falling
into infinity and
hit terminal velocity of gravity.
And you can actually see in the transform,
there's the y value just
increasing to negative infinity,
we don't want that we want
it to actually reset.
So let's open rolling movement and
in fixed update just below add
force will say if the y position of
the sphere is below the respawn height.
Reset its position, okay?
And we want to say if
transform.position.y is less than or
equal to the game manager respond height,
then reset the position,
there's a reset position and
that will reset the velocity,
the angular velocity and the position.
So, we'll save that switch
back over to Unity.
And now if I hit Play, And
we hit the Spacebar to start the game,
and I roll off the side,
it should keep responding me in the same
spot and it will drop me back in.
And that will also be true for
the opponent.
I've never actually tried
to do this before, but
maybe I can knock the opponent
off the side here.
Nope, I'm so close, okay, there we go.
The opponent's dropped back into yeah